(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
And then,
out of the darkness
came a bone-chilling noise.
(GASPS) What was it?
Hmm. Are young ones
like you ready?
It is a story
that will make your fur
stand up straight.
Oh, we are, we are!
Tell us the story, Rafiki!
Please?
Yeah!
We wanna hear it!
We all want to hear
the story, Rafiki.
Very well. Where was I?
Ah, yes.
They heard
a bone-chilling noise,
the call of the Zimwi.
What's a Zimwi?
The Zimwi is
a terrifying beast!
ALL: Ahhh!
But it only comes
into the Pride Lands
on the night of the full moon.
Hey, tonight's
a full moon!
(ALL GASP)
Huh!
So it is.
Then, it is on
a night like tonight
that you might hear
the Zimwi's call.
(BELLOWING)
What was that?
Was that...
The Zimwi?
(BELLOWING)
Whoever you are, come out
and show yourself!
(BELLOWING)
You heard me! Come out!
Kion? Oh!
Uh, hey, everybody.
I thought I recognized
that bellow.
Me too. But why are
you bellowing so late?
I need to practice.
Tomorrow I'll be bellowing
for the Bellow Fellows.
"Bellow Fellows"?
Uh, that sounds... Nice.
It's poa!
If they like me,
I'll get to bellow
all the time with them!
It's gonna be so much fun!
But, uh, I'm kinda
nervous to bellow
in front of 'em.
Hmm, yes, yes.
I suppose this is
much more interesting
than the Zimwi.
Wait, Rafiki! Don't go!
We wanna hear
about the Zimwi!
Is that so?
And you are sure
you're not too frightened?
I'm not scared!
Tell us, Rafiki!
Yeah!
Very well!
♪ On a night such as this
♪ With a full moon up high
♪ A creature comes out
with a frightening cry
♪ It towers above you
♪ Tall as two giraffes
♪ And as it approaches,
oh, how it laughs
Ha!
♪ So, beware
all you young ones
♪ You're in for a fright
♪ Something is lurking
but just out of sight
♪ You won't hear it coming
♪ Though try as you might
♪ So, beware of the Zimwi
♪ Beware of
the Zimwi tonight
Listen closely, now.
♪ Big spikes has the Zimwi
♪ And yes, it moves fast
♪ With eight legs on its body
♪ Each bigger than the last
♪ Its teeth are sharper
than a croc's, so I've heard
♪ Yet those who have seen it
never speak another word
♪ So beware,
all you young ones
♪ You're in for a fright
♪ Something is lurking
but just out of sight
♪ You won't hear it coming
though try as you might
♪ So beware of the Zimwi
♪ Beware
of the Zimwi tonight
A-ha!
♪ Beware
of the Zimwi tonight ♪
(ALL GASP)
(CHUCKLES) Relax.
It's just a story.
It is just a story.
Right, Rafiki?
Mmm? Who is to say?
Now, off to bed you go.
Go, go, go!
KION: Thanks
for the story, Rafiki.
Yes, yes. Sleep tight.
Don't let the Zimwi bite.
(LAUGHS)
The Zimwi can't be real,
uh, can it?
Eight legs? Each one
bigger than the last?
Does that sound
real, guys?
No way.
Nope.
Just a story.
I hope so.
That's too bad. I'd kinda
like to meet the Zimwi.
(LAUGHS)
(WIND WHOOSHING)
(ALL GASP)
Oh, no.
Huh?
Ah! Zimwi?
Bunga, it's only the wind.
(STAMMERS) Of course.
Right.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
If you guys are that worried,
maybe you should
all stay together tonight.
You'll feel safer.
(STUTTERS) Okay.
Whew. Good idea.
Might even be fun.
That does sound fun.
Maybe we can
do that, too.
Hey, yeah! We can
all spend the night
at Hakuna Matata Falls.
I'm sure my uncles won't mind.
Sure.
Fine by me.
I'm in.
Yeah. That sounds poa!
(CLEARS THROAT)
(BELLOWING)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Oh, sorry.
(BELLOWING)
BUNGA:
Hey, Big B, that one sounded
like Uncle Pumbaa!
(BRANCH SNAPPING)
(BELLOWING IN DISTANCE)
(RUSTLING)
Ahhh! The Zimwi!
Zimwi!
Zimwi?
(GASPS) Where?
(RUSTLING)
BOTH: (GASP) Ah!
(ALL GRUNTING)
YOUNG RHINO: Kion! Kion!
Hmm?
You gotta help us!
What? What's wrong?
It's the Zimwi!
It's in the Pride Lands!
I just saw it!
The Zimwi?
That's impossible.
No, it's really true!
Help us!
(SIGHS) Zimwi?
In the Pride Lands?
The Zimwi doesn't exist.
It's just a story!
You must've seen
some other animal.
You really saw it?
In the woodlands.
It was as tall
as two giraffes!
Just like Rafiki said!
And its teeth were
sharper than a crocodile's!
They were?
For the last time,
there's no such thing
as a Zimwi.
(SCRATCHING IN DISTANCE)
I'm scared!
What if it
eats all of us?
Oh, maybe it is real.
(SCRATCHING CONTINUES)
Now that I have
your attention,
let an expert tell you
all about the Zimwi.
You know about the Zimwi,
Uncle Timon?
Know about it?
Timon's the only animal
in the Pride Lands
to survive an
encounter with...
BOTH: The Zimwi!
So, it's not just a story!
You've both seen
the Zimwi?
Oh, Timon has!
Right, Timon?
Ha! You better believe it!
(CHUCKLES) More or less.
"More or less"?
(CHUCKLES)
Well, not exactly me.
See, my Ma's cousin's
friend knows an ox
who told him he ran
into the Zimwi!
And it ate him!
Oh, the horror!
Oh, no!
Ahhh!
Wait! If the ox got
eaten, how did he tell
anyone else the story?
Ooh, good question.
Timon?
Uh, you'd have to ask the ox.
The point is,
nothing can stop the Zimwi!
Ah! What are
we gonna do?
Nothing you can do, kid.
Maybe there's nothing
he can do,
but we're the Lion Guard.
We'll find
whatever you saw.
And if it really is the Zimwi,
we'll run it out
of the Pride Lands!
Yeah! Or get eaten trying!
(ALL GASP)
(CRYING) Oh! Why does
our little Bunga have to be
so brave?
Let's go.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Even if we're
just defending everyone
from Rafiki's silly story.
I hope you're right
about that.
BUNGA: Here, Zimwi,
Zimwi, Zimwi.
Here, Zimwi,
(CHUCKLES) Come on, Bunga.
You really think there's
a creature out here that's
as tall as two giraffes
with big spikes,
and teeth sharper
than a crocodile?
Yeah! Don't forget
the eight legs!
You believe it too,
don't ya, Big B?
I don't know, Bunga.
I've never seen
anything like that.
But there's probably lots
of things I've never seen.
I see a lot more
than you guys do.
And I still haven't
seen everything.
So, who knows?
Come on, Kion.
Isn't it possible?
Mmm, no.
We'll find whatever
it is those animals saw,
and then you'll see
it's not a Zimwi.
So, you think
it's something worse?
(CHITTERING)
(ALL GASP)
Come on! Come on!
We can't let
this thing get away.
Actually, would
that be so bad?
(CHITTERING)
Ahhh! Hapana!
(STRUGGLING)
Oh, excuse us.
Did we scare you?
Me? Why, uh, no!
Hey, little genets.
Where are you guys off to?
Just heading home.
BUNGA: Good thinkin'.
Get home before
the Zimwi gets ya.
Zimwi? What's a Zimwi?
You've never heard
of the Zimwi? It's...
It's nothing!
Pfft, yeah.
If something as tall
as two giraffes is nothing!
(WHIMPERS) Two giraffes?
Bunga?
If nothing has teeth
bigger than a crocodile's.
Then yeah, sure!
The Zimwi's nothing!
Huh! Teeth bigger
than a crocodile's?
Bunga! Enough!
Speaking of enough,
you'd think four legs
is enough,
but not for the Zimwi!
He's got eight!
(ALL WHIMPER)
Don't worry, okay?
We're not even sure
the Zimwi's real.
(SCOFFS) Yeah.
For all we know it could be
some other eight-legged,
super tall,
sharp-toothed thing
stalking through
the Pride Lands tonight.
We really have
to get back.
Good idea!
The Lion Guard's on duty!
So, go on home and
get a good night's sleep.
I don't see
that happening. Let's go!
(CHITTERING)
Hey, wait!
If you do see the Zimwi,
try to keep it where it is
till we get there, okay?
Then leave
the rest to us.
Think they'll do it?
I doubt it.
Bunga, why did you scare
them like that?
Yeah, Little B.
You really got 'em
on the run.
What? I was tryin'
to make 'em feel safe!
But they hadn't
even heard of the Zimwi
til you told them about it.
How was
I supposed to know?
(SIGHS)
Okay, Bunga.
But the next animal
we run into,
try not to mention the Zimwi.
No Zimwi. You got it.
I have to admit,
hearing Bunga describe
the Zimwi
has me a little
on edge, too.
Well, hopefully Kion's
right and it's just
a story after all.
Um, he probably is.
Just listen.
Everything's peaceful
and quiet.
Yeah. A little too quiet...
(HOOVES APPROACHING)
(ANIMAL SCREAMING)
Ah! I take it back.
Quiet's fine!
(SOBBING) Panic and run!
Panic and run!
Panic and run! (EXCLAIMS)
Hey there, it's okay.
It's okay, calm down.
Calm down and trot.
What's got you all upset?
Isn't it obvious?
He's panicked about the Zimwi!
Oops. I said Zimwi.
Oops. Said it again!
The Zimwi? Why should
I panic about the Zimwi?
You're not afraid
of the Zimwi?
Why would I be?
Everyone knows
it's just a story.
Right?
Right! Thank you!
Yes. To think
that I'd panic and run
over a creature
that doesn't even exist.
(LAUGHING) How silly!
Okay, but if you're not
running from the Zimwi,
what are
you running from?
Hmm. What was I?
Ooh! I remember!
It was genets!
There were three of them!
Running wild!
So small and furry,
with long tails!
Panic and run! (WHIMPERS)
(IN DISTANCE) Panic and run...
At least he's not afraid
of the Zimwi.
Yeah. Come on, everybody.
(OWL HOOTING)
Just an owl, guys.
Is it, Kion?
Or is it the Zimwi laughing
right before it eats
some unsuspecting animal?
Bunga.
(BELLOWING)
Hapana!
What?
Zimwi?
Sorry. I was
practicing my bellows.
You know,
for the Bellow Fellows?
(SIGHS) See?
Just Beshte. No Zimwi.
(BELLOWS)
I'm not sure which is
spookier, Beshte.
The Zimwi, or you!
(SIGHS) Still no sign
of the Zimwi.
(GROANS)
FULI: Or...
Or whatever it is.
Huh?
Anyone else feel...
Really scared? Not me!
No. Like we're
being watched.
By the Zimwi?
Usually I do the watching.
Who'd watch us?
Where?
Shh. Over there.
In the bushes.
Ooh, how many eyes does
the Zimwi have?
FULI: Too many.
All right, team,
let's move in.
Ono, keep
an eye out overhead.
Uh, affirmative.
(BRANCH CRACKS)
(GASPS)
(RUSTLING)
Shh.
Now!
(BELLOWING)
We got you, Zimwi!
The Zimwi can fly?
KION: Gazelles?
Don't hurt us!
Please! We were just hiding!
This is what we've
been chasing?
So, what are you
hiding from?
What else?
ALL: The Zimwi!
Listen. I don't think
the Zimwi's really real.
But we saw it.
Right before we jumped
into the bushes.
It had giant teeth!
On the outside
of its head!
Hapana! We've heard
those teeth are as sharp
as a crocodile's.
We heard it can fly!
You heard that, too?
They heard it from you!
Relax. The Zimwi's
just a story.
Oh, yeah?
(SHUDDERS) So, what's that?
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Maybe this thing
really is as tall
as two giraffes.
Those sure look
like big teeth.
Anyone else see
two heads?
Uh, maybe?
Whatever it is,
it's on the move.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I hope that's
you practicing again, Beshte.
I don't think so.
Come on,
Lion Guard, let's go.
This ravine's a dead end
so it's got
nowhere to run.
And that's a good thing?
(THUNDER CLAPPING)
(ALL GASP)
Anyone see anything?
ALL: Zimwi!
I knew it.
Run!
ALL: Ahhh!
All right, Zimwi,
it's just you and me.
Let's go, Little B!
Whoa!
ALL: Ahhh!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Look out!
Ahhh!
Lion Guard! We've gotta
get these gazelles
under control!
How are we gonna do that?
We get them out
in the open.
That way they can't
hurt themselves!
Beshte, flatten
those bushes!
Make an opening
to the clearing.
You got it, Kion.
Twende Kiboko!
(CRASHING)
Let's round them up.
This way.
Careful!
Watch the branches!
(BUNGA LAUGHS)
And you watch your horns!
Come on, gazelles!
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
They should wear
themselves out
in a little bit.
Gazelles, right?
One little scare
and before you know it,
they're just jumping
all over the place.
Because we scared them.
(SIGHS) While we were
running away.
Sorry, Kion.
Nothing to be sorry about.
I ran away, too.
And you said
the Zimwi wasn't real!
(SIGHS) I know.
All this time, I wasn't afraid
of the Zimwi
because I thought
it wasn't real.
But as soon as I thought
it was, I ran away.
I can't believe
we got so scared.
Listen. It's okay
to be scared.
But we're the Lion Guard,
and we can't run away.
Kion's right.
Affirmative.
Twende Kiboko.
That's what I've been
saying all along!
Okay, time to face
the Zimwi!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
You don't scare us, Zimwi!
That's right.
Get outta the Pride Lands!
(GURGLING)
That all you got, Zimwi?
What in the Pride Lands?
Hapana!
No way!
Lion Guard!
Get it!
Twende Kiboko!
(GROWLS) Huwezi!
Zuka Zama, Zimwi!
Don't hurt us!
Ahhh!
(ALL GASP)
Wait. What?
You're not the Zimwi!
Wait. So we ran away
from two little porcupines?
Looks like it.
So, did you two hear
something scary
and think it was the Zimwi?
Uh, yeah.
Of course!
So, you huddled together
and stuck out your quills
to make yourselves
look bigger.
Then the rhino saw you
like that and thought
you were the Zimwi!
And so did we.
Don't feel bad, Beshte.
I think everyone was
so spooked
by Rafiki's story,
they were ready
to believe anything.
Wait a second.
What about their ginormous
Zimwi body?
Over here.
Termite mound.
Mmm! Termites!
Excuse me.
We ran up there
when the Zimwi...
I mean you guys,
were chasing us.
(CHUCKLES) All this time,
the "Zimwi" was
just two little porcupines.
(MOUTH FULL)
See? I was right.
It did have two heads!
Mmm.
So, those are the hippos
you need to bellow for?
Yeah. But I'm not sure
I can do it.
I'm still kinda scared.
Scared of this?
Beshte, last night
you faced the Zimwi!
But, Kion, there was
no Zimwi.
You didn't know that.
And you charged in anyway.
And if you can do that,
I think you can bellow in
front of a couple of hippos.
You're right, Kion. Thanks!
Now I'm ready
for that audition!
Here I go.
(BELLOWING RHYTHMICALLY)
(BELLOWING CONTINUES)
Ugh.
Hapana.
We love it!
Best ever!
Really?
Congratulations!
You're now a Bellow Fellow!
You can bellow
with us any time!
How about now?
(ALL BELLOWING RHYTHMICALLY)
Now, that's scary.